Update important-upgrade-notes.rst (#4551)
mattermost/docs: source/administration/important-upgrade-notes.rst

+----------------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| If you’re upgrading from a version earlier than... | Then...                                                                                                                                                          |
+====================================================+==================================================================================================================================================================+

> | v5.35.0                                            | v5.35.0 introduces a new feature to search for files. Search results for files shared in the past may be incomplete until a                                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| v5.35.0                                            | v5.35.0 introduces a new feature to search for the contents of files shared in Mattermost. Search results for file contents shared prior to upgrading to v5.35.0 may be incomplete until a                                      |
```

Author: @esethna Please help confirm ^

+----------------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| If you’re upgrading from a version earlier than... | Then...                                                                                                                                                          |
+====================================================+==================================================================================================================================================================+

> | v5.35.0                                            | v5.35.0 introduces a new feature to search for files. Search results for files shared in the past may be incomplete until a                                      |

Reviewer 2: v5.35.0 introduces a new feature to search for files. Search results for files shared in the past may be incomplete until a content extraction command is executed to extract and index the content of files already in the database. Instances running Elasticsearch or Bleve search backends will also need to execute a Bulk Indexing after the content extraction is complete. Please see more details in this blog post.
